why do women bodybuilders have deep
voices it is because of the testosterone
are you sure that the testosterone is to
blame normal women cannot build muscle
to the extreme that male bodybuilders do
female bodybuilders are either injecting
testosterone or have a naturally high
levels an testosterone makes the voice
lower when a guy hits puberty
testosterone levels rise he builds more
muscle starts growing facial hair and
his voice drops and he starts to suffer
from periodic drops in IQ when his blood
starts to flow elsewhere don't all men
have high levels of testosterone male
body builders may have high levels of
testosterone but there are some who
inject it or other hormones or drugs to
build up even more muscle and women who
are body builders have to add to it
because their bodies don't make enough
testosterone to come out looking like a
bodybuilder women can be fit without
using drugs that's true
but looking lean and fit like a
volleyball player isn't the same as
having massive pecs so women body
builders have to use testosterone to get
that look and with significant or
prolonged use it starts to alter the
body they get massive muscles and they
start developing male secondary
characteristics the voice box changes
like a boys doze during adolescence they
still have breasts only because the
breasts had already developed
verse happens when a man takes lots of
estrogen often developing breasts
because the hormones trigger secondary
sexual characteristics
despite your genetic gender OMG that's
horrible
if she's got a deep voice isn't she
going to grow a beard ever heard of the
bearded woman these were often women
with unnaturally high testosterone big
burly and bearded but female
bodybuilders or hairless so are the guys
for the same reasons they're all waxing
shaving and oiling to look good for the
judges but no she may have to shave her
face and chest Oh disgusting funny you
don't think about how she's altering her
very body in an effort